Odds and ends related to [Interstate '76](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interstate_%2776) and Nitro Pack (a.k.a. Nitro Riders).

Contents:
* [Simple, step-by-step instructions describing how to run the GOG release of Interstate '76 at 20 frames per second using DxWnd](running-interstate-76-gog-release-using-dxwnd.md)
    * Doing so avoids many bugs that occur when the game runs at a high frame rate.
    * This solution is easy to set up but is limited to software rendering mode.
* [Simple, step-by-step instructions describing how to run the GOG release of Interstate '76 with hardware acceleration at 20 frames per second using dgVoodoo](running-interstate-76-gog-release-using-dgvoodoo.md)
    * dgVoodoo provides wrappers that map the Glide graphics API to modern versions of Direct3D, allowing the game to run in Glide mode with hardware-rendered graphics.
    * This solution is also easy to set up, but require a little more work than running the game using DxWnd.
* [List of cheat codes and easter eggs](cheat-codes-and-easter-eggs.md)
* [How to Use Special Vehicles](how-to-use-special-vehicles.md)
    * How to add special vehicles normally not available to the player to the vehicle selection menu. Includes ready-to-use modified vehicle list files.
* [List of the VCFs contained in `nitro.zfs`](nitro-vcf-list.md)
    * Generated by [this script](scripts/parse-nitro-vcfs.py).
* [Info about UNZFS](unzfs-info.md)
    * UNZFS can be used to extract and decompress the contents of the `i76.zfs` and `nitro.zfs` files.
* [Interstate '76 and Nitro Pack Vehicle List File Format](file-format-vehicle-list.md)
* [Information about terrain textures](terrain-texture-info.md)
